Open Analytics.
p02
This is the deepest sidebar in the platform.
p03
Twenty-two pages.
p04
Do not try to memorize them one at a time.
p05
Learn the four buckets they fall into, and any page becomes easy to find.
p06
The labels down the left are your map.
p07
First bucket, Analytics.
p08
Ten pages, and these are the live dashboards:
p09
the whole network at a glance, each location, memberships, downsells, retail.
p10
One catch worth flagging now.
p11
The item named Marketing up here is a single dashboard, not the Marketing group further down.
p12
Same word, two places.
p13
The module drops you on the Executive Dashboard.
p14
You met this one last lesson: the period toggles up top, the location scope right beside them.
p15
We are not stopping.
p16
Today is about learning what lives all around it.
p17
Click Downsells.
p18
When a member goes to cancel, the system offers a downgrade to keep them instead.
p19
These six cards are the scoreboard for that fight:
p20
how many tried to leave, how many you talked into staying, and the dollars you kept.
p21
Right now, you are saving better than four in ten.
p22
Scroll down for the why.
p23
The reasons people cancel, ranked, and the offers that win them back.
p24
Remember the Command Center flagging members with downsell signals?
p25
This is where that play cashes out.
p26
Read the top reason, read the save rate, and you know in ten seconds whether the flow is working.
p27
Second bucket, Marketing.
p28
Five pages, and the feel changes.
p29
These are reports, not dashboards.
p30
Campaign results, who responded, which offers landed,
p31
where new members came from, and who you managed to win back.
p32
Open Campaign Performance.
p33
A summary band on top, a sortable table underneath.
p34
Look at the header.
p35
No location picker this time.
p36
Instead, Filters and Export.
p37
That is the tell for a report: you slice it, sort it, and pull it into a spreadsheet.
p38
Every page in this group works the same way.
p39
Third bucket, Intelligence.
p40
Six pages, and this is the analyst's shelf:
p41
revenue trends, industry benchmarks, churn prediction, lifetime value, and your online reputation.
p42
These are the heavier questions, the ones you dig into rather than glance at.
p43
Start at B-I Overview.
p44
Eight cards, and together they read the health of the whole business:
p45
recurring revenue, retention, churn, lifetime value, even your net promoter score.
p46
When someone asks how the network is really doing, this is the single screen you open.
p47
Keep scrolling.
p48
A full year of revenue, your plan mix, and the members quietly drifting toward the exit.
p49
At the bottom, the Deep Dives.
p50
Picture B-I Overview as the front door,
p51
and the other five Intelligence pages as the rooms it opens into.
p52
Last bucket, Forecasting.
p53
Just one page this time.
p54
Ten under Analytics, five under Marketing, six under Intelligence, one here.
p55
That is your twenty-two, and now the whole sidebar fits in your head.
p56
Click Forecasting.
p57
This is the only page that looks forward instead of back.
p58
Four numbers set the scene:
p59
next month's projected revenue, how close you are running against plan for the year,
p60
and how accurate the model has been.
p61
See the New Record button?
p62
We leave that one alone.
p63
Below, the workhorse.
p64
A revenue projection, the forecast broken out by location, and an accuracy readout.
p65
Then the Forecast List itself:
p66
every period lined up with what you predicted, what actually came in, and the gap between the two.
p67
Read one line and it clicks.
p68
Take May of last year: forecast around two hundred thirty-eight thousand,
p69
actual came in near two forty-two, off by a point and a half.
p70
That is a closed month.
p71
The pending row shows dashes, because its real numbers are not in yet.
p72
Hands off New Record.
p73
We are only reading.
p74
So that is the map.
p75
Four buckets.
p76
Analytics for the dashboards, Marketing for the reports,
p77
Intelligence for the deep questions, Forecasting for what comes next.
p78
Twenty-two pages, and you can reach any of them from the sidebar, or jump straight there with Search.
p79
Learn the buckets, and you never hunt for a page again.